README.md, before:

DynaMind-ToolBox
================

DynaMind is an open-source GIS modelling toolbox similar to the ArcGIS - model builder. The idea is that small reusable modules can be linked together to describe a complex workflow in an urban environment. E.g. the evolution of a small city

<a href="http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/christianurich/DynaMind-Analysis/blob/master/viewer/viewer.html"><img src="https://github.com/christianurich/DynaMind-Analysis/blob/master/viewer.png?raw=true" border="0"></a> 

The heart of the DynaMind-Toolbox is [DynaMind](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind) a small efficient core written in C++. The core provides easy to use interfaces to develop new modules in C++ or Python and to access the data in the data stream. 

The DyanMind-Toolbox comes with:

- [Modellbuilder](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-Gui)
a easy way to set up and edit your simulation

<img src="https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-Gui/blob/master/doc/images/gui_with_view.png?raw=true" border="0">

- a set of modules to import, edit, createa and export data

 - [DynaMind-BasicModules](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-BasicModules )
 - [DynaMind-Sewer](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-Sewer)
 - [DynaMind-DAnCE4Water](https://github.com/christianurich/DynaMind-DAnCE4Water)

##DAnCEKit
To make DynaMind more accessible we are develpoing a online platform.Try it online [http://dance4water.eng.monash.edu](http://dance4water.eng.monash.edu)

<img src="http://dynamind-toolbox.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Screen-Shot-2014-03-10-at-10.46.56.png" border="0">


## Compile DynaMind
- [Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Windows](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-ToolBox/wiki/Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Windows)
- [Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Linux](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-ToolBox/wiki/Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Linux)


## Download 

 - [Windows 32bit binaries](http://dynamind-toolbox.org/downloads/)

Commit message:

typo and added DynaMind-Analysis

README.md, after:

DynaMind-ToolBox
================

DynaMind is an open-source GIS modelling toolbox similar to the ArcGIS - model builder. The idea is that small reusable modules can be linked together to describe a complex workflow in an urban environment. E.g. the evolution of a small city

<a href="http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/christianurich/DynaMind-Analysis/blob/master/viewer/viewer.html"><img src="https://github.com/christianurich/DynaMind-Analysis/blob/master/viewer.png?raw=true" border="0"></a> 

The heart of the DynaMind-Toolbox is [DynaMind](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind) a small efficient core written in C++. The core provides easy to use interfaces to develop new modules in C++ or Python and to access the data in the data stream. 

The DyanMind-Toolbox comes with:

- [Modellbuilder](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-Gui)
a easy way to set up and edit your simulation

<img src="https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-Gui/blob/master/doc/images/gui_with_view.png?raw=true" border="0">

- a set of modules to import, edit, create and export data

 - [DynaMind-BasicModules](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-BasicModules )
 - [DynaMind-Sewer](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-Sewer)
 - [DynaMind-DAnCE4Water](https://github.com/christianurich/DynaMind-DAnCE4Water)

- additonal modules to visualise data

 - [DynaMind-Analysis](https://github.com/christianurich/DynaMind-Analysis)


##DAnCEKit
To make DynaMind more accessible we are develpoing a online platform.Try it online [http://dance4water.eng.monash.edu](http://dance4water.eng.monash.edu)

<img src="http://dynamind-toolbox.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Screen-Shot-2014-03-10-at-10.46.56.png" border="0">


## Compile DynaMind
- [Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Windows](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-ToolBox/wiki/Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Windows)
- [Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Linux](https://github.com/iut-ibk/DynaMind-ToolBox/wiki/Compiling-DynaMind-Toolbox-on-Linux)


## Download 

 - [Windows 32bit binaries](http://dynamind-toolbox.org/downloads/)
