DynaMind-GDALModules/doc/dm_creategrid.rst, before:

====================
Create a Square Grid
====================

Creates a square grid covering a defined area.

Parameter
---------

+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name           |          Type          |       Description                                                      |
+=======================+========================+========================================================================+
|lead_view_name         | STRING                 | lead view name                                                         |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|grid_view_name         | STRING                 | name of grid                                                           |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|grid_size              | DOUBLE                 | grid size                                                              |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Data-stream
-----------

+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|        View        |          Attribute        |       Type       |Access |    Description                           |
+====================+===========================+==================+=======+==========================================+
| lead_view_name     |                           |             FACE | read  |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
| grid_view_name     |                           |             FACE | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+

Module Name
-----------

:index:`DM_CreateGrid <GDALModules; DM_CreateGrid | Create a Square Grid>`

Commit message:

create grid in bounding box

DynaMind-GDALModules/doc/dm_creategrid.rst, after:

====================
Create a Square Grid
====================

Creates a square grid covering a defined area.

Parameter
---------

+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name           |          Type          |       Description                                                      |
+=======================+========================+========================================================================+
|lead_view_name         | STRING                 | lead view name                                                         |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|grid_view_name         | STRING                 | name of grid                                                           |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|grid_size              | DOUBLE                 | grid size                                                              |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|in_bounding_box        | BOOL                   | creates a grid within the bounding box of the domain                   |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Data-stream
-----------

+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|        View        |          Attribute        |       Type       |Access |    Description                           |
+====================+===========================+==================+=======+==========================================+
| lead_view_name     |                           |             FACE | read  |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
| grid_view_name     |                           |             FACE | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+

Module Name
-----------

:index:`DM_CreateGrid <GDALModules; DM_CreateGrid | Create a Square Grid>`
