DynaMind-GDALModules/doc/gdaldmswmm.rst, before:

================
SWMM Integration
================

Exports a drainage network to `SWMM <http://www2.epa.gov/water-research/storm-water-management-model-swmm>`_., executes SWMM and imports the results into DynaMind.



Parameter
---------

+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name                |          Type          |       Description                                                      |
+============================+========================+========================================================================+
|RainFile                    | FILENAME               | swmm rain file                                                         |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|ClimateChangeFactor         | DOUBLE                 | multiplier for rain event                                              |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|export_subcatchment_shape   | BOOL                   | export                                                                 |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|rainfile_from_vector        | STRING                 | use rain file from vector assigned to city                             |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|climateChangeFactorFromCity | STRING                 | use climate change factor from city object                             |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|calculationTimestep         | INT                    | run swmm every n-th setp in a loop                                     |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|deleteSWMM                  | BOOL                   | delete swmm file after execution                                       |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Data-stream
-----------

+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|        View        |          Attribute        |       Type          |Access |    Description                               |
+====================+===========================+=====================+=======+==============================================+
| conduit            |                           | EDGE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | start_id                  | LINK | node         | read  | down stream node                             |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | end_id                    | LINK | node         | read  | up stream node                               |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | inlet_offset              | double              | read  | offset at up stream node in (m)              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | outlet_offset             | double              | read  | offset at down stream node in (m)            |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | type                      | string              | read  | type of the cross section supported are      |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       | CIRCULAR, IRREGULAR, RECT_CLOSED, RECT_OPEN  |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | diameter                  | double              | read  | pipe height (diameter) in m                  |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | width                     | double              | read  | pipe width in m                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | cscol1 [1]_               | double list         | read  | cross section width in m (only if IRREGULAR) |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | cscol2                    | double list         | read  | cross section depth in m (only if IRREGULAR) |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | cscol3                    | double list         | read  | roughness                                    |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | capacity                  | double              | write | utilised peak capacity in %                  |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | velocity                  | double              | write | peak velocity in m/s                         |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| weir               |                           | EDGE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | start_id                  | LINK | node         | read  | down stream node                             |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | end_id                    | LINK | node         | read  | up stream node                               |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | crest_height              | double              | read  | crest height in (m)                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | discharge_coefficient     | double              | read  | discharge coefficient                        |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | end_coefficient           | double              | read  | end coefficient                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| node               |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| junction           |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_id                   | LINK | node         | read  | link to node                                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | d                         |                     | read  | maximum depth of junction in m               |
|                    |                           |                     |       | (e.g. from ground surface to invert)         |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | invert_elevation          | double              | read  | invert elevation in m                        |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | flooding_volume           |                     | write | flooded volume in m3                         |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_depth                |                     | write | depth from invert to peak water level in m   |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| sub_catchment      |                           | FACE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | area                      | double              | read  | area in m2                                   |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | impervious_fraction       | double              | read  | imperviousness dimensionless                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | imp_inital_loss           | double              | read  | loss for impoervious area in mm (optional)   |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| inlet              |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_id                   | LINK | node         | read  | link to node                                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | sub_catchment_id          | LINK | sub_catchment| read  | link sub catchment                           |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| outfall            |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_id                   | LINK | node         | read  | link to node                                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | invert_elevation          | double              | read  | invert elevation in m                        |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+

Module Name
-----------

:index:`GDALDMSWMM <GDALModules; GDALDMSWMM | SWMM integration>`

.. [1] Their is a problem in SWMM that only up to 18 stations can be exported. If cscol has more that 18 stations only every
other station is exported

Commit message:

added storage to swmm export

DynaMind-GDALModules/doc/gdaldmswmm.rst, after:

================
SWMM Integration
================

Exports a drainage network to `SWMM <http://www2.epa.gov/water-research/storm-water-management-model-swmm>`_., executes SWMM and imports the results into DynaMind.



Parameter
---------

+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name                |          Type          |       Description                                                      |
+============================+========================+========================================================================+
|RainFile                    | FILENAME               | swmm rain file                                                         |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|ClimateChangeFactor         | DOUBLE                 | multiplier for rain event                                              |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|export_subcatchment_shape   | BOOL                   | export                                                                 |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|rainfile_from_vector        | STRING                 | use rain file from vector assigned to city                             |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|climateChangeFactorFromCity | STRING                 | use climate change factor from city object                             |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|calculationTimestep         | INT                    | run swmm every n-th setp in a loop                                     |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|deleteSWMM                  | BOOL                   | delete swmm file after execution                                       |
+----------------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Data-stream
-----------

+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|        View        |          Attribute        |       Type          |Access |    Description                               |
+====================+===========================+=====================+=======+==============================================+
| conduit            |                           | EDGE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | start_id                  | LINK | node         | read  | down stream node                             |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | end_id                    | LINK | node         | read  | up stream node                               |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | inlet_offset              | double              | read  | offset at up stream node in (m)              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | outlet_offset             | double              | read  | offset at down stream node in (m)            |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | type                      | string              | read  | type of the cross section supported are      |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       | CIRCULAR, IRREGULAR, RECT_CLOSED, RECT_OPEN  |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | diameter                  | double              | read  | pipe height (diameter) in m                  |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | width                     | double              | read  | pipe width in m                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | cscol1 [1]_               | double list         | read  | cross section width in m (only if IRREGULAR) |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | cscol2                    | double list         | read  | cross section depth in m (only if IRREGULAR) |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | cscol3                    | double list         | read  | roughness                                    |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | capacity                  | double              | write | utilised peak capacity in %                  |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | velocity                  | double              | write | peak velocity in m/s                         |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| weir               |                           | EDGE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | start_id                  | LINK | node         | read  | down stream node                             |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | end_id                    | LINK | node         | read  | up stream node                               |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | crest_height              | double              | read  | crest height in (m)                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | discharge_coefficient     | double              | read  | discharge coefficient                        |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | end_coefficient           | double              | read  | end coefficient                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| node               |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| junction           |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_id                   | LINK | node         | read  | link to node                                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | d                         |                     | read  | maximum depth of junction in m               |
|                    |                           |                     |       | (e.g. from ground surface to invert)         |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | invert_elevation          | double              | read  | invert elevation in m                        |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | flooding_volume           |                     | write | flooded volume in m3                         |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_depth                |                     | write | depth from invert to peak water level in m   |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| storage            |                           | NODE                | read  | optional                                     |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_id                   | LINK | node         | read  | link to node                                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | d                         |                     | read  | maximum depth of junction in m               |
|                    |                           |                     |       | (e.g. from ground surface to invert)         |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | invert_elevation          | double              | read  | invert elevation in m                        |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | a_0                       | double              | read  | surface are in m2                            |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| sub_catchment      |                           | FACE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | area                      | double              | read  | area in m2                                   |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | impervious_fraction       | double              | read  | imperviousness dimensionless                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | imp_inital_loss           | double              | read  | loss for impoervious area in mm (optional)   |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| inlet              |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_id                   | LINK | node         | read  | link to node                                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | sub_catchment_id          | LINK | sub_catchment| read  | link sub catchment                           |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    |                           |                     |       |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
| outfall            |                           | NODE                | read  |                                              |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | node_id                   | LINK | node         | read  | link to node                                 |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------+--------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+
|                    | invert_elevation          | double              | read  | invert elevation in m                        |
+--------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+-------+----------------------------------------------+

Module Name
-----------

:index:`GDALDMSWMM <GDALModules; GDALDMSWMM | SWMM integration>`

.. [1] Their is a problem in SWMM that only up to 18 stations can be exported. If cscol has more that 18 stations only every
other station is exported
