doc/gdalgeometricattributes.rst, before:

==============
Calculate Area
==============

:index:`GDALGeometricAttributes <GDALModules; GDALGeometricAttributes | Calculate area>` Calculates the area of a face

Parameter
---------

+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name           |          Type          |       Description                                                      |
+=======================+========================+========================================================================+
|leading_view           | STRING                 |                                                                        |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|calculate_area         | BOOL                   |                                                                        |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|aspect_ratio_BB        | BOOL                   | calculates aspect ratio if based in the aligned bounding box           |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|percentage_filled      | BOOL                   | calculates area / area of the aligned bounding box                     |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Data-stream
-----------

+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|        View        |          Attribute        |       Type       |Access |    Description                           |
+====================+===========================+==================+=======+==========================================+
| leading_view       |                           | FACE             | read  |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|                    | area                      | DOUBLE           | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|                    | aspect_ratio_BB           | DOUBLE           | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|                    | percentage_filled         | DOUBLE           | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+


Sample Code for Python Simulation
---------------------------------
.. code-block:: python

    area = sim.add_module('GDALGeometricAttributes', {'leading_view': 'name_of_view',
                                          'calculate_area': True,
                                          'aspect_ratio_BB':  False,
                                          'percentage_filled': False
                                          },
                             link_to_module
                             )

..

Commit message:

module name cleaning and reorganising help

doc/gdalgeometricattributes.rst, after:

======================
Calculate Feature Area
======================

Calculates the area and related attributes of a face.

Parameter
---------

+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name           |          Type          |       Description                                                      |
+=======================+========================+========================================================================+
|leading_view           | STRING                 |                                                                        |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|calculate_area         | BOOL                   |                                                                        |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|aspect_ratio_BB        | BOOL                   | calculates aspect ratio if based in the aligned bounding box           |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|percentage_filled      | BOOL                   | calculates area / area of the aligned bounding box                     |
+-----------------------+------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Data-stream
-----------

+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|        View        |          Attribute        |       Type       |Access |    Description                           |
+====================+===========================+==================+=======+==========================================+
| leading_view       |                           | FACE             | read  |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|                    | area                      | DOUBLE           | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|                    | aspect_ratio_BB           | DOUBLE           | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+
|                    | percentage_filled         | DOUBLE           | write |                                          |
+--------------------+---------------------------+------------------+-------+------------------------------------------+

Module Name
-----------

:index:`GDALGeometricAttributes <GDALModules; GDALGeometricAttributes | Calculate area>`


Sample Code for Python Simulation
---------------------------------
.. code-block:: python

    area = sim.add_module('GDALGeometricAttributes', {'leading_view': 'name_of_view',
                                          'calculate_area': True,
                                          'aspect_ratio_BB':  False,
                                          'percentage_filled': False
                                          },
                             link_to_module
                             )

..
