doc/gdalhotstarter.rst, before:

====================
Hot Start Simulation
====================

:index:`GDALHotStarter <GDALModules; GDALHotStarter | Hot start simulation>` is used to hot start a simulation with a previous database.
This is particularly useful for bigger simulation where the data preparation and linking of data takes a significant amount of time,
but once established, can be used as basis for many simulations.

Parameter
---------

+-------------------+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name       |          Type          |       Description                                                                   |
+===================+========================+=====================================================================================+
|hot_start_database | STRING                 | location of the hot start database file (usually a file from a previous simulation) |
+-------------------+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Detailed Description
--------------------

The simulation database from a previous simulation can be used to "hot start" a new simulation. This GDALHotStarter may
be the first module in a simulation since it replaces the current simulation file with the *hot_start_database* defined in the
parameter settings. The file is copied and therefore the original file stays untouched.

Commit message:

module name cleaning and reorganising help

doc/gdalhotstarter.rst, after:

========================
Load Simulation Database
========================

This module is used to hot start a simulation with a previous database.
This is particularly useful for bigger simulation where the data preparation and linking of data takes a significant amount of time,
but once established, can be used as basis for many simulations.

Module name
-----------

:index:`GDALHotStarter <GDALModules; GDALHotStarter | Load Simulation Database>`

Parameter
---------

+-------------------+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|        Name       |          Type          |       Description                                                                   |
+===================+========================+=====================================================================================+
|hot_start_database | STRING                 | location of the hot start database file (usually a file from a previous simulation) |
+-------------------+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+


Detailed Description
--------------------

The simulation database from a previous simulation can be used to "hot start" a new simulation. This GDALHotStarter may
be the first module in a simulation since it replaces the current simulation file with the *hot_start_database* defined in the
parameter settings. The file is copied and therefore the original file stays untouched.
